RAND(1)                             OpenSSL                            RAND(1)

NAME
       openssl-rand, rand - generate pseudo-random bytes

SYNOPSIS
       openssl rand [-help] [-out file] [-rand file...]  [-writerand file]
       [-base64] [-hex] num

DESCRIPTION
       The rand command outputs num pseudo-random bytes after seeding the
       random number generator once.  As in other openssl command line tools,
       PRNG seeding uses the file $HOME/.rnd or .rnd in addition to the files
       given in the -rand option.  A new $HOME/.rnd or .rnd file will be
       written back if enough seeding was obtained from these sources.

OPTIONS
       -help
           Print out a usage message.

       -out file
           Write to file instead of standard output.

       -rand file...
           A file or files containing random data used to seed the random
           number generator.  Multiple files can be specified separated by an
           OS-dependent character.  The separator is ; for MS-Windows, , for
           OpenVMS, and : for all others.

       [-writerand file]
           Writes random data to the specified file upon exit.  This can be
           used with a subsequent -rand flag.

       -base64
           Perform base64 encoding on the output.

       -hex
           Show the output as a hex string.

SEE ALSO
       RAND_bytes(3)

COPYRIGHT
       Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

       Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
       this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
       in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
       <https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.

1.1.1a                            2018-11-20                           RAND(1)
